-: In this section,
we're gonna start talking about client side attacks.
So most of the time it's better to try to gain access
to your target using the server side attacks.
So try to find exploits in the operating system
and in the applications installed.
If you tried that and it didn't work,
or if your target is hidden behind an IP,
so if the target person is not in the same server as us,
on the same network as us,
and if the target person is using a network,
so if you ping their IP you won't be able to reach it
because they're hidden behind the router
or behind a network,
then your next resort
is going to be the client side attacks.
So these attacks require the user to do something.
So the user is gonna have to open a link,
they're gonna have to install an update,
they're gonna have to install a picture or open a picture,
or they have to interact, they have to do something.
And once they do it,
we will be able to run code and achieve our goal.
Therefore, because it requires user interaction,
information gathering is very important in this case,
and we don't only need to get information
about the installed applications.
We also need to know the person.
We need to know their friends.
We need to know the networks they use,
the websites they use,
if there's any websites that they frequently use and trust.
Therefore, the information gathering section in here
is going to be focused on the person
rather than focused on the applications
and on the operating system.